export const heading="Top 26 Beaches in goa";
   export const data=[{"name":"Panjim (Goa)","image":"beacheswithdesc/Panjim_Goa.jpg","desc":"\nGoa is India's smallest state by area and the fourth smallest by population. Located in West India in the region known as the Konkan, it is one of the most popular tourist destinations of India with beautiful beaches and historical sites.Goa is a strip of land 110 km long and 60 km wide between the Sahyadri range of the Western Ghats and the Arabian Sea on the west coast of India. Panaji is the state's capital while Vasco Da Gama is the largest city. Renowned for its beaches, places of worship and world heritage architecture. Goa is visited by large numbers of international and domestic tourists each year. It also has rich flora and fauna.The festival of Shigmo Mel or the Holi, Goa carnival and Ganesh Chaturthi are the main festivals in Goa.\n"},{"name":"Calangute Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Calangute_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 14 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 10 km from Mapusa and 41 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station, Calangute Beach is the largest Beach in North Goa and one of the best tourist Places to visit in Goa. The beach is often represented in promotion of Goa Tourism. Calangute Beach is another popular attraction not to miss in a Goa tour packages.Calangute is also called the 'Queen of beaches' in Goa and among the best beaches in Goa. As stories go on, hippies had discovered this beach during the 60's so is it famous since then. Calangute along with Candolim, Baga and Anjuna form part of stretch of beach extending from just outside Panaji city to Fort Aguada. Calangute Beach is a 4 mile long beach that lies between Baga and Candolim beach. It is also among the top beaches of Goa.The beach is wide with soft sand but the sea is rough. .....\n"},{"name":"Baga Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Baga_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 15 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus stand, Baga beach is located in North Goa. This beach is bordered by Calangute Beach to its south and Anjuna Beach to its north. Baga Beach starts right where Calangute ends. Named after the Baga Creek that merges into the Arabian Sea on the northern part of the beach, this is one of the must include beaches in Goa as part of honeymoon tour. Baga Beach is famous for its beach shacks and the delicious sea food that is offered there. The night life at Baga is even more exciting than its days. Baga Beach is the home to some of the hottest night clubs like Tito's and Mambos which are always crowded with the dance freaks. Mackie's Saturday Night Bazaar offers amazing buys for the shopper. Baga Beach is a popular tourist attraction of Goa. This beach is entertaining from sunrise to sunset. As the sun sets down, party mode is switched-on around .....\n"},{"name":"Vagator Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Vagator_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 19 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 46 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 13 km from Mapusa, Vagator Beach is situated in North Goa, near Chapora Fort. It is among the top places to visit in Goa.Vagator Beach is a part of a 30 km stretch of beach coastline along the west coast of Goa by the Arabian Sea that begins at Fort Aguada and ending at Chapora Beach and Fort. It is a bay between the rocky headlands and one of the Goa best beaches. It is covered with soft white sand, dotted by coconut trees and huge black rocks. The sea at Vagator turns from aquamarine to emerald green with the movement of the sun.Vagator Beach is divided into Big Vagator or North Vagator, Middle Vagator (Tel Aviv beach) and Little Vagator (Ozran) by a few rocks. To reach the beach one has to climb down a hill. The Big Vagator Beach is a long white sandy .....\n"},{"name":"Colva Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Colva_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 33 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 8 km from Margao Railway Station and 25 km from Vasco Railway Station, Colva Beach is located in South Goa. It is one of the prime Places to visit in Goa state and among the best beaches in Goa.Colva Beach is the oldest, largest and the most spectacular beaches of South Goa. The beach consists of about 25 km of the fine powdered white sand and is bounded along its coast by coconut palms that stretch from Bogmalo in the north to Cabo de Rama in the south along south Goa's coastline. Colva is one of the top beaches in Goa.In the colonial days it used to be the retreat for Margao's high society. Today the area that is reminiscent of the luxurious lifestyle of the aristocratic class has the beautiful houses and villas that dot the village. The main beach .....\n"},{"name":"Anjuna Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Anjuna_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 19 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand and 11 km from Mapusa, Anjuna Beach is situated in Bardez Taluka of North Goa. This beach is located north of Baga and Calangute, and close to the South of Vagator and Chapora. The white sands of the beach and the red laterite rocks create a unique arrangement. It is one of the best beaches in Goa.Anjuna beach is famous for its stunning natural beauty with coconut trees and soft powered white sands. Anjuna beach is a favorite haunt of the hippies who used to organize the famous rave beach parties in the late 1950s to mid 1960s. The moon light rave parties are well known all over Goa and the world, and attract foreign travellers as well as domestic tourists, especially during the time of New Year and Christmas.The beach is adjacent to Chapora fort. The 'Albuquerque mansion' located nearby is another attraction. The Anjuna flea market on every .....\n"},{"name":"Palolem Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Palolem_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 70 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 65 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 36 km from Margao Railway Station, Palolem Beach is one of the famous & best beaches in Goa and top tourist attraction in South Goa.Palolem Beach is also known as 'Paradise Beach'. This beach stretches between two magnificent headlands and the beach is lined with towering coconut palms. The beach is about a mile long and it provides seclusion and idyllic scenery. Palolem Beach is a crescent shape beach and one can soak in its views from the southern end till the northern end in one glimpse of the eyes. Both ends have natural jutting rocks trying to touch the sea. It has little wooded islands to the north and a village behind the beach.At the northern end of the beach there is a fresh water stream and across the stream lies a small undeveloped island that can be accessed by just swimming across .....\n"},{"name":"Agonda Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Agonda_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 69 km from Panaji Kadamba Bus Stand, 36 km from Margao Railway Station and 9 km from Canacona Railway Station, Agonda beach is a 3 km long stretch of pristine beach situated in South Goa. Agonda is a great spot for sunbathing, relaxing and swimming, walking, eating and just generally doing nothing. Agonda beach might not be the most ideal place for swimming. It is one of the top beaches in South Goa. Located between Cabo de Rama & Palolem, Agonda provides an opportunity to relax on a long beach. Agonda beach is simply divine, wide, quiet and picturesque with a turtle centre in the middle protecting precious Olive Ridley eggs. This beach is special because you will find absolutely no tourists, no stalls, no restaurants, nothing just the trees, the beach, the beautiful ocean and you. The beach stretch has an ancient Agonda Church, the Saint Anne's Church and few academic institutions.Public transportation is available from the Canacona Bus Station for Agonda .....\n "},{"name":"Arambol Beach / Harmal Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Arambol_Beach__Harmal_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 34 km from Panaji Kadamba Bus Stand and 22 km from Mapusa Bus Stand, Arambol also known as Harmal beach is a pristine and secluded beach situated in North Goa. It is one of the most beautiful among Goa beaches and also a relatively less crowded beaches in North Goa.The Arambol Beach extends over 16 km and consists of two beaches. More popular is the Harmal beach contains long stretch of curving sand and it is good for swimming. It is a perfect place for people looking for peace and tranquility. The second, more picturesque beach lies beyond the rocky stretch and can only be reached on foot and is bordered by steep cliffs on both sides. It is a rocky as well as sandy beach and has a fresh water lagoon which extends along the bottom of the valley into a thick jungle. The lake is fed by boiling hot springs and is lined with sulphurous mud which people love applying on their body to do wonders to their skin. The rocky .....\n"},{"name":"Ashwem Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Ashwem_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 30 km from Panaji Kadamba Bus Stand, 18 km from Mapusa and 5 km from Morjim, Ashwem beach is so different from other beaches situated in North Goa and it is relatively less crowded. Ashwem beach situated south to the Arambol beach is another isolated beach in Goa where one can see vast stretches of sands. Ashwem Beach is one of the Goa best beaches which is a clean sandy beach and not much crowded. The waves are gentle and the sea hardly ever gets choppy. A perfect place for those looking for privacy, it is safe for swimming. This Beach is known for its numerous restaurants and their mouth watering seafood. Ashwem beach is also the nesting place for the Olive Ridley Turtles which is a rare species. The nesting season is between September to February which also happens to be the peak tourist season of Goa.Ashwem beach is also a little rocky beach. The Goan families go to Ashwem beach for having their picnics. To the .....\n"},{"name":"Betalbatim Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Betalbatim_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 31 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand and 9.5 km from Margao Railway Station, Betalbatim Beach is located north of the famous Colva beach in South Goa. This is one of the virgin and most beautiful beaches in South Goa. It is also one of the relatively less known beaches in Goa.Betalbatim beach is popularly known as the Sunset Beach of Goa. This vast stretch of white sand beach lies in between the Majorda and Colva Beaches. You can literally walk up to Betalbatim Beach from Colva Beach (road distance is about 4.5 km). Unlike most Goa beaches that are lined up with palm trees, this beach has a numerous pine trees along the shoreline. Betalbatim is known for its clean sands and beautiful surroundings. It is a very quiet and a secluded beach and because of the shade of the pine trees, it is used as a picnic spot by families and schools. This Beach is amongst the cleanest of all .....\n"},{"name":"Butterfly Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Butterfly_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 69 km from Panaji Kadamba Bus stand, 36 km from Margao Railway Station and 3 km from Canacona Railway Station, Butterfly Beach is located on the Butterfly Island in South Goa. Butterfly Beach is a tiny beach cove that lies just 6 km north of Palolem beach. The sands here are perfectly white and the water translucent. Butterfly Beach is one of the most picturesque beaches among all the beaches of Goa. It is serene, peaceful and mesmerizing. This beach would be the best place to unwind and relax.The Butterfly Beach is surrounded by a lot of rocks. Butterfly beach can easily be described as a piece of heaven on earth. It is one of the most photogenic beach paradises in the world. The Butterfly Beach was named by earlier tourists who used to visit the place and saw millions of butterflies flying on the blossoms on the hillside. The main attraction of the beach is its famous Dolphin Play and the mesmerizing sunset. The sea urchins, sea cucumbers, footprints .....\n"},{"name":"Bambolim Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Bambolim_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 7 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus stand and 22 km from Vasco Da Gama, Bambolim Beach is a popular stretch for tourists located in North Goa.Bambolim Beach is a small, clean and largely undiscovered beach that is a bit away from the mainland. This beach is basically located in a shaded spot right before the mouth of Zuari River and in between the Medical College of Goa and the University of Goa. Bambolim Beach is lined up with trees and shrub vegetation with many paths leading to the beach. Many Goa University students visit this beach during their free time due to the close proximity to the institute. The beach is clean and quiet, yet beautiful. Bambolim Beach is very peaceful and calm beach. Very beautiful shells are found on the shore of this beach. It is famous for Oyster shells. The Bambolim Beach has its beach shacks where exotic Goan cuisine can be tasted. The restaurants offer not just amazing food but the very location gives you the combination of beauty .....\n"},{"name":"Cansaulim Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Cansaulim_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 31 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 16 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 15 km from Margao Railway Station, Cansaulim is a famous beach located in South Goa.Cansaulim Beach along with Arossim Beach and Cuelim Beach forms India's second largest stretch of beach. Cansaulim Beach is actually an extension of Velsao Beach. The beach has clean white sands and lots of palm trees. It is located on the northernmost end of Velsao beach. The large stretches of white sands give the beach a deserted look. Cansaulim Beach is among the mostly secluded Goan beaches. Coastal dense palm groves at Cansaulim Beach provides a refreshing cool roof from the bright sunshine and appears more pleasant during the hot months of April and May. This beach is lined with many beach shacks with comfortable accommodation facilities. Some of the famous bars and pubs are also located at this beach that serve refreshing drinks like beer, feni, wine and vodka. In addition, Cansaulim .....\n"},{"name":"Chapora Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Chapora_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 20 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 46 km from Vasco Railway Station and 13 km from Mapusa, Chapora Beach is a picturesque beach situated in North Goa. Nestled at the mouth of the Chapora River, it is a pleasant change from the bustling Anjuna Beach. This beach is famous for fishing and boat building. Like the other popular beaches of Goa, Chapora also stays crowded most of the time of the day. The picturesque beach with white sand and a number of coconut palms along its stretch is well known as the Chapora Fort that was built 500 years ago during the Portugal rule is situated nearby. There is a famous Ganesh fruit juice center in Chapora selling organic juices and gathering people from around.The Chapora Beach is picturesque and offers amazing views of the sunrise as well as the sunset. Swimming at the Chapora Beach is not safe as the undercurrents are sometimes very strong. At Chapora Beach, you can take a lazy walk, soak the sunrays or just play around .....\n"},{"name":"Coco Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Coco_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 10 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand and 17 km from Mapusa, Coco Beach is one of the popular beaches in Goa at a distance of 2.5 kms from Reis Mogos Fort.The Coco Beach is located at the mouth of the Nerul River on the Mondovi Estuary. It is a protected bay of the Mondovi River. The beach is often regarded as an abridged gateway between Candolim and Nerul. Beautiful tall palm trees framed the beach. The beach though little dirty compared to other beaches is popular for water sports and boating. Boat trips into the Mondovi River also hosts another tourists attraction which is spotting the wild dolphins. These trips also extend up to the base of Aguada fort and present magnificent view of the fort, Aguada prison and the lighthouse (usually one hour boat ride). The busy mornings spent in boat trips are followed by quiet and tranquil afternoons and evenings. Reis Magos Fort and Reis Magos Church are situated close to .....\n"},{"name":"Candolim Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Candolim_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 11 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 38 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 12 km from Mapusa, Candolim Beach is a part of a long extension of beach coastline along the Arabian Sea that begins at Fort Aguada and ends at Chapora Beach in North Goa.Candolim Beach is positioned between Sinquerim and Calangute beaches. Candolim Beach is another relatively busy soft sandy beach that due to erosion can be narrow in some places. The bulk ore carrier River Princess ended up being grounded some 100 m from the beach during the 2001 monsoon. Despite numerous pledges by both local and central government, she still lays rusting. Various attempts have been made to salvage or refloat the ship. The founder of science of hypnotism Father Abbe Faria was born here. Candolim is also the place where the Goans launched first revolt against Portuguese. Candolim Beach was the first area to have adopted Christianity under the Portuguese rule. The water can be rough .....\n"},{"name":"Dona Paula Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Dona_Paula_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 9 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 30 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 38 km from Mapusa, Dona Paula Beach is one of the famous beachs in Goa.Dona Paula Beach has a very romantic legend attached to it. It is believed that Dona Paula De Menzes, daughter of a viceroy, threw herself off the cliff when she was not allowed to marry a local fisherman whom she loved. It is said that she is still seen emerging from the moonlit waves wearing only a pearl necklace. This idyllic rocky tourist attraction lies at the spot where the Mandovi and the Zuari rivers meet the Arabian Sea. This is a spot to sunbathe and relax. At the end of the bay there is a beautiful islet-hillock. From the top of this hillock one can have views of the Marmugao Harbour and the Arabian Sea up to the Zuari Bridge to the east. At the base there is a carved sculpture named ' Image of India' depicting a couple, a man facing west and a woman facing east. It was made by Baroness von Leistner. .....\n"},{"name":"Galgibaga Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Galgibaga_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 84 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 79 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 50 km from Margao Railway Station, Galgibaga Beach is the less crowded beach in South Goa.Galgibaga Beach is also known as the Turtle Beach and is one of three other Goa beaches along with Agonda and Morjim Beaches, where the state program of olive turtles saving and protection works and implemented perfectly. The whole northern part of this beautiful beach is used for turtles nesting. This is the reason why there is an absence of the shack culture or any permanent structure on the beach, which otherwise is a very common sight on the other beaches of Goa.This empty stretch of beach with its silvery sands and clusters of coconut palms is a calm and serene paradise and a poet's delight. If you are in Goa in January and February you may be lucky enough to see the turtles nesting and hatching. Visitors are only requested not to touch or .....\n"},{"name":"Kalacha Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Kalacha_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 34 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 61 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 21 km from Mapusa, Kalacha Beach is located in North Goa. Kalacha Beach is also known as Paliem Beach. It is famous for its picturesque fresh water lagoon named Vagkolam or Sweet water Lake, which is near the shore at the very end of the beach. This fresh water lagoon is fairly secluded and very popular among the foreign tourists. Kalacha Beach is a small beach located to the south of Querim Beach. As per the local belief, the beach was discovered by the hippies in the 1960s. Surrounded by rocky terrain and steep cliffs, this beach is popular for its scenic beauty. The Kalacha beach is incredibly beautiful with its silver and golden powder sand and is lined with palm and coconut trees. This beach is a more unexplored and quieter beach as compared to the Arambol. The beach can only be reached by foot by taking a walk along the north of Arambol beach. To the north .....\n"},{"name":"Majorda Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Majorda_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 29 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 21 km from Vasco Da Gama and 11 km from Margao Railway Station, Majorda is one of the most popular beaches in South Goa.Majorda Beach is situated in the southern part of Bogmalo. This beautiful beach covered with lot of palm groves. Some of the most famous hotels and resorts of Goa are found here and thus it is quite a popular place for a holiday. According the Indian mythology, Legends believed that Lord Rama was kidnapped and brought to the Majorda beach in his childhood. Later, again in life while in quest of his consort Sita, he came to the Cabo-de-Rama which lies at the southern end of the Majorda beach. Majorda is also the place where the Jesuits discovered the best toddy of Goa who used it to leaven the bread. Even today the people of Majorda are known to be the best bakers of Goa as they were the first to know the art of baking European breads.The calm and clear waters are ideal for swimming, though .....\n"},{"name":"Mandrem Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Mandrem_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 31 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 57 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 18 km from Mapusa, Mandrem Beach is an isolated beach with vast stretches of empty sand that has very little shade and is located in North Goa. It is one of the secluded and less crowded beaches in Goa.The Mandrem Beach is situated to the north of Ashwem Beach towards the Arambol Beach. It is a continuation of the Ashwem Beach and very similar to it. This beach is quite secluded to the other beaches. Being a serene beach one can see white bellied fish eagles that live in the casuarinas trees at Mandrem Beach. Sometimes even the famous Olive Ridley turtles have their hatching nests over here if the Morjim Beach is overcrowded.The beauty of Mandrem Beach is especially during the High Tide time when the sea water rushes into the Mandrem Creek or River. This Mandrem creek runs parallel to the beach which swells with water during the high .....\n"},{"name":"Miramar Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Miramar_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 8 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand and 3 km from Dona Paula Beach, Miramar Beach is situated 1 km ahead of the confluence of Mandovi River and the Arabian Sea. Miramar Beach is also known as 'Gasper Dias Beach'. The name of the beach is derived from the word 'Miramar', which in Portuguese stands for 'viewing the sea'. Miramar Beach is the place where the Mandovi River meets the blue water Arabian Sea. From the beach across the river is an excellent view of Fort Aguada. One can see migratory birds such as gulls and plovers at the beach from November to March.The Miramar Beach is said to be one of the cleanest beaches in Goa and it offers the opportunity to view the stunning sunset. It is a romantic gateway for adventure freaks, beach lovers and honeymoon couples. At Miramar beach one can get pleasure and satisfaction with some interesting activities like fishing, .....\n"},{"name":"Patnem Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Patnem_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 70 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 66 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 37 km from Margao Railway Station, Patnem Beach is situated in South Goa.Patnem Beach is a 900 m long, wide beautiful strip of golden sand, which reclined from both sides onto rocky headlands and capes. Patnem beach is situated to the southern edge of Colomb, south of Palolem. The Arabian Sea is shallow here. Really it is much the same beach with only about 1 km separating from Palolem.Patnem Beach is also the quietest place amongst all the beaches of South Goa. The Patnem Beach is a crescent white sand beach and is not as long as Palolem and Agonda Beach. Patnem is never overcrowded even in the peak season, on Christmas and New Year and is an ideal place for complete relaxation. Patnem is one of Goa's best beaches for children since the nightlife is low-key, the food is varied and high quality and the sea is relatively calm.The Patnem Beach is suitable for swimming .....\n"},{"name":"Sernabatim Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Sernabatim_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 36 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 27 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 7 km from Margao Railway Station, Sernabatim Beach is an idyllic, virgin and silver sand beach located in South Goa. Sernabatim Beach is sandwiched between Colva and Benaulim Beach. This Beach is essentially a continuation of the Colva Beach and lies just 1 km from Colva Beach. It is far from the hustle and bustle of other major beaches of Goa. This beach is a much cleaner and quieter beach in Goa and an ideal place for swimming and relaxing. The sun setting into the Arabian Sea at Sernabatim Beach is a mesmerizing scene, which is not to be missed. Waves here are small and low which makes this fantastic beach is an ideal place for swimming. During monsoon period the beach slope is steep after the water line. The main activities at Sernabatim Beach are boating and hiking, dolphins watching and going onto different excursions to the nearby attractions like Colva and Benaulim .....\n"},{"name":"Talpona Beach ","image":"beacheswithdesc/Talpona_Beach_.jpg","desc":"\nAt a distance of 76 km from Panjim Kadamba Bus Stand, 71 km from Vasco Da Gama Railway Station and 9 km from Canacona Railway Station, Talpona Beach is located in South Goa. Talpona Beach is one of the remote beaches of Goa. Its nearest neighbors are Galgibagh Beach to the south and Rajbagh Beach to the north. The beach is about one km stretch of golden sand and stands at the mouth of the Talpona River. The beach of Talpona is covered with pure sand of a golden colour with some small patches in its northern part of the beach. The Talpona River joins the Arabian Sea here.The Talpona shoreline is framed with palm trees and pine groves. There is a spacious open sandy ground with small shrubs and seashells. The both sides of Talpona Beach is closed with woody capes and headlands.The sea is quiet and calm, water is crystal clear. The Talpona beach has small sand dunes and is not very frequented by tourists. It is suitable for those seeking complete isolation and is quite .....\n"}]